Make issue_template.md point to Solana Stack Exchange before discord (#3204)
otter-sec/anchor: .github/issue_template.md

⚠️ Don't use issues for support questions ("How does x feature work in Anchor? How to do x in Anchor?"). Instead: 

>  - Check [Solana Stack Exchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com/) - changes are someone has already had the same issue and there's already an answer there. If not, write a new qustion! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Check [Solana Stack Exchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com/) - chances are someone has already had the same issue, and there's already an answer there. If not, write a new question! 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
